The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - @jridgewell/gen-mapping@0.3.5
 - @jridgewell/set-array@1.2.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2022 Justin Ridgewell <jridgewell@google.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - @jridgewell/resolve-uri@3.1.2
 - @jridgewell/source-map@0.3.6

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2019 Justin Ridgewell <jridgewell@google.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @jridgewell/sourcemap-codec@1.5.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015 Rich Harris

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @jridgewell/trace-mapping@0.3.25

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2022 Justin Ridgewell <justin@ridgewell.name>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - @types/eslint-scope@3.7.7
 - @types/eslint@8.56.10
 - @types/estree@1.0.5
 - @types/json-schema@7.0.15
 - @types/node@20.14.11

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

    Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - @webassemblyjs/ast@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/helper-buffer@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/helper-wasm-section@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/wasm-edit@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/wasm-gen@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/wasm-opt@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/wasm-parser@1.12.1
 - @webassemblyjs/wast-printer@1.12.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Sven Sauleau <sven@sauleau.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @webassemblyjs/floating-point-hex-parser@1.11.6

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Mauro Bringolf

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - @webassemblyjs/helper-api-error@1.11.6
 - @webassemblyjs/helper-numbers@1.11.6
 - @webassemblyjs/helper-wasm-bytecode@1.11.6
 - @webassemblyjs/ieee754@1.11.6
 - @webassemblyjs/utf8@1.11.6
 - tr46@0.0.3

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

(MIT)

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @webassemblyjs/leb128@1.11.6

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2012 The Obvious Corporation.
http://obvious.com/

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Apache License
                        Version 2.0, January 2004
                     http://www.apache.org/licenses/


TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.

   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
   exercising permissions granted by this License.

   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation
   source, and configuration files.

   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
   and conversions to other media types.

   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
   as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
   meet the following conditions:

   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
       stating that You changed the files; and

   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
       the Derivative Works; and

   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
       as modifying the License.

   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
   the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @xtuc/ieee754@1.2.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2008, Fair Oaks Labs, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

 * Neither the name of Fair Oaks Labs, Inc. nor the names of its contributors
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @xtuc/long@4.2.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - @yext/chat-core@0.8.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Contains information from the language-subtag-registry JSON Database (https://github.com/mattcg/language-subtag-registry/tree/master/data/json) which is made available under the ODC Attribution License (https://github.com/mattcg/language-subtag-registry/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

The files listed in this repository are licensed under the below license.  All other features and products are subject to separate agreements and certain functionality requires paid subscriptions to Yext products.

BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2023, Yext
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - abort-controller@3.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Toru Nagashima

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - acorn-import-attributes@1.9.5

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Sven Sauleau

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - acorn@8.12.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (C) 2012-2022 by various contributors (see AUTHORS)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - ajv-keywords@3.5.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Evgeny Poberezkin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - ajv@6.12.6

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - asn1.js@4.10.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# ASN1.js

ASN.1 DER Encoder/Decoder and DSL.

## Example

Define model:

```javascript
var asn = require('asn1.js');

var Human = asn.define('Human', function() {
  this.seq().obj(
    this.key('firstName').octstr(),
    this.key('lastName').octstr(),
    this.key('age').int(),
    this.key('gender').enum({ 0: 'male', 1: 'female' }),
    this.key('bio').seqof(Bio)
  );
});

var Bio = asn.define('Bio', function() {
  this.seq().obj(
    this.key('time').gentime(),
    this.key('description').octstr()
  );
});
```

Encode data:

```javascript
var output = Human.encode({
  firstName: 'Thomas',
  lastName: 'Anderson',
  age: 28,
  gender: 'male',
  bio: [
    {
      time: +new Date('31 March 1999'),
      description: 'freedom of mind'
    }
  ]
}, 'der');
```

Decode data:

```javascript
var human = Human.decode(output, 'der');
console.log(human);
/*
{ firstName: <Buffer 54 68 6f 6d 61 73>,
  lastName: <Buffer 41 6e 64 65 72 73 6f 6e>,
  age: 28,
  gender: 'male',
  bio:
   [ { time: 922820400000,
       description: <Buffer 66 72 65 65 64 6f 6d 20 6f 66 20 6d 69 6e 64> } ] }
*/
```

### Partial decode

Its possible to parse data without stopping on first error. In order to do it,
you should call:

```javascript
var human = Human.decode(output, 'der', { partial: true });
console.log(human);
/*
{ result: { ... },
  errors: [ ... ] }
*/
```

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2013.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - assert@2.1.0
 - util@0.12.5

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - assertion-error@2.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer jake@qualiancy.com (http://qualiancy.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - available-typed-arrays@1.0.7

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Inspect JS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - base64-js@1.5.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jameson Little

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - bn.js@4.12.0
 - bn.js@5.2.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2015.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - brorand@1.1.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# Brorand

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2014.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-aes@1.2.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2017 browserify-aes contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-cipher@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Calvin Metcalf & contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-des@1.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Calvin Metcalf, Fedor Indutny & contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-rsa@4.1.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Calvin Metcalf & contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-sign@4.2.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Calvin Metcalf and browserify-sign contributors

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserify-zlib@0.2.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Devon Govett <devongovett@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

This project contains parts of Node.js.
Node.js is licensed for use as follows:

"""
Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

This license applies to parts of Node.js originating from the
https://github.com/joyent/node repository:

"""
Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - browserslist@4.23.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright 2014 Andrey Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru> and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - buffer-from@1.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016, 2018 Linus Unnebäck

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - buffer-xor@1.0.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Daniel Cousens

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - buffer@6.0.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh, and other contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - builtin-status-codes@3.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - call-bind@1.0.7
 - get-intrinsic@1.2.4

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - caniuse-lite@1.0.30001642

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Attribution 4.0 International

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and
conditions that creators and other rights holders may use to share
original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright
and certain other rights specified in the public license below. The
following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not
exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.

     Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are
     intended for use by those authorized to give the public
     permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by
     copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are
     irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms
     and conditions of the license they choose before applying it.
     Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before
     applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the
     material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any
     material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-
     licensed material, or material used under an exception or
     limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors:
	wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensors

     Considerations for the public: By using one of our public
     licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the
     licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If
     the licensor's permission is not necessary for any reason--for
     example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to
     copyright--then that use is not regulated by the license. Our
     licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain
     other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use of
     the licensed material may still be restricted for other
     reasons, including because others have copyright or other
     rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests,
     such as asking that all changes be marked or described.
     Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to
     respect those requests where reasonable. More_considerations
     for the public: 
	wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensees

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons
Attribution 4.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the
extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are
granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of
these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in
consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the
Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.


Section 1 -- Definitions.

  a. Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar
     Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material
     and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered,
     arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring
     permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the
     Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed
     Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording,
     Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is
     synched in timed relation with a moving image.

  b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright
     and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in
     accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License.

  c. Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights
     closely related to copyright including, without limitation,
     performance, broadcast, sound recording, and Sui Generis Database
     Rights, without regard to how the rights are labeled or
     categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the rights
     specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar
     Rights.

  d. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the
     absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws
     fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright
     Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international
     agreements.

  e. Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or
     any other exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights
     that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material.

  f. Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database,
     or other material to which the Licensor applied this Public
     License.

  g. Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the
     terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to
     all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the
     Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license.

  h. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights
     under this Public License.

  i. Share means to provide material to the public by any means or
     process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such
     as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution,
     dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material
     available to the public including in ways that members of the
     public may access the material from a place and at a time
     individually chosen by them.

  j. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright
     resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of
     the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases,
     as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially
     equivalent rights anywhere in the world.

  k. You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights
     under this Public License. Your has a corresponding meaning.


Section 2 -- Scope.

  a. License grant.

       1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License,
          the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
          non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to
          exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:

            a. reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or
               in part; and

            b. produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material.

       2. Exceptions and Limitations. For the avoidance of doubt, where
          Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public
          License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with
          its terms and conditions.

       3. Term. The term of this Public License is specified in Section
          6(a).

       4. Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The
          Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in
          all media and formats whether now known or hereafter created,
          and to make technical modifications necessary to do so. The
          Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or
          authority to forbid You from making technical modifications
          necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including
          technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective
          Technological Measures. For purposes of this Public License,
          simply making modifications authorized by this Section 2(a)
          (4) never produces Adapted Material.

       5. Downstream recipients.

            a. Offer from the Licensor -- Licensed Material. Every
               recipient of the Licensed Material automatically
               receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the
               Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this
               Public License.

            b. No downstream restrictions. You may not offer or impose
               any additional or different terms or conditions on, or
               apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the
               Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the
               Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed
               Material.

       6. No endorsement. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or
          may be construed as permission to assert or imply that You
          are, or that Your use of the Licensed Material is, connected
          with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by,
          the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution as
          provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i).

  b. Other rights.

       1. Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not
          licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity,
          privacy, and/or other similar personality rights; however, to
          the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to
          assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited
          extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed
          Rights, but not otherwise.

       2. Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this
          Public License.

       3. To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right to
          collect royalties from You for the exercise of the Licensed
          Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society
          under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory
          licensing scheme. In all other cases the Licensor expressly
          reserves any right to collect such royalties.


Section 3 -- License Conditions.

Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the
following conditions.

  a. Attribution.

       1. If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified
          form), You must:

            a. retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor
               with the Licensed Material:

                 i. identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed
                    Material and any others designated to receive
                    attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by
                    the Licensor (including by pseudonym if
                    designated);

                ii. a copyright notice;

               iii. a notice that refers to this Public License;

                iv. a notice that refers to the disclaimer of
                    warranties;

                 v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the
                    extent reasonably practicable;

            b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and
               retain an indication of any previous modifications; and

            c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this
               Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or
               hyperlink to, this Public License.

       2. You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any
          reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in
          which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be
          reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or
          hyperlink to a resource that includes the required
          information.

       3. If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the
          information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent
          reasonably practicable.

       4. If You Share Adapted Material You produce, the Adapter's
          License You apply must not prevent recipients of the Adapted
          Material from complying with this Public License.


Section 4 -- Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that
apply to Your use of the Licensed Material:

  a. for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right
     to extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial
     portion of the contents of the database;

  b. if You include all or a substantial portion of the database
     contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis Database
     Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis Database
     Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material; and

  c. You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share
     all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not
replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed
Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights.


Section 5 -- Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

  a. UNLESS OTHERWISE SEPARATELY UNDERTAKEN BY THE LICENSOR, TO THE
     EXTENT POSSIBLE, THE LICENSOR OFFERS THE LICENSED MATERIAL AS-IS
     AND AS-AVAILABLE, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
     ANY KIND CONCERNING THE LICENSED MATERIAL, WHETHER EXPRESS,
     IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHER. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
     WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
     PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS,
     ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT
     KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE. WHERE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES ARE NOT
     ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

  b. TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE
     TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
     NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
     INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER LOSSES,
     COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE OR
     USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN
     ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR
     DAMAGES. WHERE A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR
     IN PART, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

  c. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided
     above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent
     possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and
     waiver of all liability.


Section 6 -- Term and Termination.

  a. This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and
     Similar Rights licensed here. However, if You fail to comply with
     this Public License, then Your rights under this Public License
     terminate automatically.

  b. Where Your right to use the Licensed Material has terminated under
     Section 6(a), it reinstates:

       1. automatically as of the date the violation is cured, provided
          it is cured within 30 days of Your discovery of the
          violation; or

       2. upon express reinstatement by the Licensor.

     For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(b) does not affect any
     right the Licensor may have to seek remedies for Your violations
     of this Public License.

  c. For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensor may also offer the
     Licensed Material under separate terms or conditions or stop
     distributing the Licensed Material at any time; however, doing so
     will not terminate this Public License.

  d. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8 survive termination of this Public
     License.


Section 7 -- Other Terms and Conditions.

  a. The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different
     terms or conditions communicated by You unless expressly agreed.

  b. Any arrangements, understandings, or agreements regarding the
     Licensed Material not stated herein are separate from and
     independent of the terms and conditions of this Public License.


Section 8 -- Interpretation.

  a. For the avoidance of doubt, this Public License does not, and
     shall not be interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose
     conditions on any use of the Licensed Material that could lawfully
     be made without permission under this Public License.

  b. To the extent possible, if any provision of this Public License is
     deemed unenforceable, it shall be automatically reformed to the
     minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision
     cannot be reformed, it shall be severed from this Public License
     without affecting the enforceability of the remaining terms and
     conditions.

  c. No term or condition of this Public License will be waived and no
     failure to comply consented to unless expressly agreed to by the
     Licensor.

  d. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be interpreted
     as a limitation upon, or waiver of, any privileges and immunities
     that apply to the Licensor or You, including from the legal
     processes of any jurisdiction or authority.


=======================================================================

Creative Commons is not a party to its public
licenses. Notwithstanding, Creative Commons may elect to apply one of
its public licenses to material it publishes and in those instances
will be considered the “Licensor.” The text of the Creative Commons
public licenses is dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 Public
Domain Dedication. Except for the limited purpose of indicating that
material is shared under a Creative Commons public license or as
otherwise permitted by the Creative Commons policies published at
creativecommons.org/policies, Creative Commons does not authorize the
use of the trademark "Creative Commons" or any other trademark or logo
of Creative Commons without its prior written consent including,
without limitation, in connection with any unauthorized modifications
to any of its public licenses or any other arrangements,
understandings, or agreements concerning use of licensed material. For
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph does not form part of the
public licenses.

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - chai-as-promised@7.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright © 2012–2016 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>

This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
as published by Sam Hocevar. See below for more details.

        DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - chai@5.1.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Chai.js Assertion Library

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - check-error@1.0.3
 - check-error@2.1.1
 - deep-eql@5.0.2
 - get-func-name@2.0.2

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - chrome-trace-event@1.0.4

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# This is the MIT license

Copyright (c) 2015 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - cipher-base@1.0.4
 - create-hash@1.2.0
 - create-hmac@1.1.7
 - evp_bytestokey@1.0.3

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 crypto-browserify contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - commander@2.20.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - console-browserify@1.2.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - constants-browserify@1.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# constants-browserify

Node's `constants` module for the browser.

[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/constants-browserify.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/constants-browserify)

## Usage

To use with browserify cli:

```bash
$ browserify -r constants:constants-browserify script.js
```

To use with browserify api:

```js
browserify()
  .require('constants-browserify', { expose: 'constants' })
  .add(__dirname + '/script.js')
  .bundle()
  // ...
```

## Installation

With [npm](http://npmjs.org) do

```bash
$ npm install constants-browserify
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - core-util-is@1.0.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - create-ecdh@4.0.4

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014-2017 createECDH contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - cross-fetch@3.1.8

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Leonardo Quixadá

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - crypto-browserify@3.12.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, 
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and 
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom 
the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice 
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - define-data-property@1.1.4

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - define-properties@1.2.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - des.js@1.1.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# DES.js

## LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2015.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - diffie-hellman@5.0.3
 - public-encrypt@4.0.3

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2017 Calvin Metcalf

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - domain-browser@4.23.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

<!-- LICENSEFILE/ -->

<h1>License</h1>

Unless stated otherwise all works are:

<ul><li>Copyright &copy; 2013+ <a href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty Ltd</a></li></ul>

and licensed under:

<ul><li><a href="http://spdx.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0.html">Artistic License 2.0</a></li></ul>

<h2>The Artistic License 2.0</h2>

<pre>
Copyright (c) 2000-2006, The Perl Foundation.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

This license establishes the terms under which a given free software Package may be copied, modified, distributed, and/or redistributed. The intent is that the Copyright Holder maintains some artistic control over the development of that Package while still keeping the Package available as open source and free software.

You are always permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this license directly with the Copyright Holder of a given Package.  If the terms of this license do not permit the full use that you propose to make of the Package, you should contact the Copyright Holder and seek a different licensing arrangement.

Definitions

     "Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s) named in the copyright notice for the entire Package.

     "Contributor" means any party that has contributed code or other material to the Package, in accordance with the Copyright Holder's procedures.

     "You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy, distribute, or modify the Package.

     "Package" means the collection of files distributed by the Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection and/or of those files. A given Package may consist of either the Standard Version, or a Modified Version.

     "Distribute" means providing a copy of the Package or making it accessible to anyone else, or in the case of a company or organization, to others outside of your company or organization.

     "Distributor Fee" means any fee that you charge for Distributing this Package or providing support for this Package to another party.  It does not mean licensing fees.

     "Standard Version" refers to the Package if it has not been modified, or has been modified only in ways explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.

     "Modified Version" means the Package, if it has been changed, and such changes were not explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.

     "Original License" means this Artistic License as Distributed with the Standard Version of the Package, in its current version or as it may be modified by The Perl Foundation in the future.

     "Source" form means the source code, documentation source, and configuration files for the Package.

     "Compiled" form means the compiled bytecode, object code, binary, or any other form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of the Source form.

Permission for Use and Modification Without Distribution

(1) You are permitted to use the Standard Version and create and use Modified Versions for any purpose without restriction, provided that you do not Distribute the Modified Version.

Permissions for Redistribution of the Standard Version

(2) You may Distribute verbatim copies of the Source form of the Standard Version of this Package in any medium without restriction, either gratis or for a Distributor Fee, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.  At your discretion, such verbatim copies may or may not include a Compiled form of the Package.

(3) You may apply any bug fixes, portability changes, and other modifications made available from the Copyright Holder.  The resulting Package will still be considered the Standard Version, and as such will be subject to the Original License.

Distribution of Modified Versions of the Package as Source

(4) You may Distribute your Modified Version as Source (either gratis or for a Distributor Fee, and with or without a Compiled form of the Modified Version) provided that you clearly document how it differs from the Standard Version, including, but not limited to, documenting any non-standard features, executables, or modules, and provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

     (a) make the Modified Version available to the Copyright Holder of the Standard Version, under the Original License, so that the Copyright Holder may include your modifications in the Standard Version.
     (b) ensure that installation of your Modified Version does not prevent the user installing or running the Standard Version. In addition, the Modified Version must bear a name that is different from the name of the Standard Version.
     (c) allow anyone who receives a copy of the Modified Version to make the Source form of the Modified Version available to others under

          (i) the Original License or
          (ii) a license that permits the licensee to freely copy, modify and redistribute the Modified Version using the same licensing terms that apply to the copy that the licensee received, and requires that the Source form of the Modified Version, and of any works derived from it, be made freely available in that license fees are prohibited but Distributor Fees are allowed.

Distribution of Compiled Forms of the Standard Version or Modified Versions without the Source

(5)  You may Distribute Compiled forms of the Standard Version without the Source, provided that you include complete instructions on how to get the Source of the Standard Version.  Such instructions must be valid at the time of your distribution.  If these instructions, at any time while you are carrying out such distribution, become invalid, you must provide new instructions on demand or cease further distribution. If you provide valid instructions or cease distribution within thirty days after you become aware that the instructions are invalid, then you do not forfeit any of your rights under this license.

(6)  You may Distribute a Modified Version in Compiled form without the Source, provided that you comply with Section 4 with respect to the Source of the Modified Version.

Aggregating or Linking the Package

(7)  You may aggregate the Package (either the Standard Version or Modified Version) with other packages and Distribute the resulting aggregation provided that you do not charge a licensing fee for the Package.  Distributor Fees are permitted, and licensing fees for other components in the aggregation are permitted. The terms of this license apply to the use and Distribution of the Standard or Modified Versions as included in the aggregation.

(8) You are permitted to link Modified and Standard Versions with other works, to embed the Package in a larger work of your own, or to build stand-alone binary or bytecode versions of applications that include the Package, and Distribute the result without restriction, provided the result does not expose a direct interface to the Package.

Items That are Not Considered Part of a Modified Version

(9) Works (including, but not limited to, modules and scripts) that merely extend or make use of the Package, do not, by themselves, cause the Package to be a Modified Version.  In addition, such works are not considered parts of the Package itself, and are not subject to the terms of this license.

General Provisions

(10)  Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify, or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

(11)  If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

(12)  This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

(13)  This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

(14)  Disclaimer of Warranty:
THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
</pre>

<!-- /LICENSEFILE -->

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - electron-to-chromium@1.4.830

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2018 Kilian Valkhof

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - elliptic@6.5.6

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# Elliptic [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/indutny/elliptic.png)](http://travis-ci.org/indutny/elliptic) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/indutny/elliptic/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/indutny/elliptic?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/indutny/elliptic/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/indutny/elliptic)

[![Saucelabs Test Status](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/gh-indutny-elliptic.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/gh-indutny-elliptic)

Fast elliptic-curve cryptography in a plain javascript implementation.

NOTE: Please take a look at http://safecurves.cr.yp.to/ before choosing a curve
for your cryptography operations.

## Incentive

ECC is much slower than regular RSA cryptography, the JS implementations are
even more slower.

## Benchmarks

```bash
$ node benchmarks/index.js
Benchmarking: sign
elliptic#sign x 262 ops/sec ±0.51% (177 runs sampled)
eccjs#sign x 55.91 ops/sec ±0.90% (144 runs sampled)
------------------------
Fastest is elliptic#sign
========================
Benchmarking: verify
elliptic#verify x 113 ops/sec ±0.50% (166 runs sampled)
eccjs#verify x 48.56 ops/sec ±0.36% (125 runs sampled)
------------------------
Fastest is elliptic#verify
========================
Benchmarking: gen
elliptic#gen x 294 ops/sec ±0.43% (176 runs sampled)
eccjs#gen x 62.25 ops/sec ±0.63% (129 runs sampled)
------------------------
Fastest is elliptic#gen
========================
Benchmarking: ecdh
elliptic#ecdh x 136 ops/sec ±0.85% (156 runs sampled)
------------------------
Fastest is elliptic#ecdh
========================
```

## API

### ECDSA

```javascript
var EC = require('elliptic').ec;

// Create and initialize EC context
// (better do it once and reuse it)
var ec = new EC('secp256k1');

// Generate keys
var key = ec.genKeyPair();

// Sign the message's hash (input must be an array, or a hex-string)
var msgHash = [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ];
var signature = key.sign(msgHash);

// Export DER encoded signature in Array
var derSign = signature.toDER();

// Verify signature
console.log(key.verify(msgHash, derSign));

// CHECK WITH NO PRIVATE KEY

var pubPoint = key.getPublic();
var x = pubPoint.getX();
var y = pubPoint.getY();

// Public Key MUST be either:
// 1) '04' + hex string of x + hex string of y; or
// 2) object with two hex string properties (x and y); or
// 3) object with two buffer properties (x and y)
var pub = pubPoint.encode('hex');                                 // case 1
var pub = { x: x.toString('hex'), y: y.toString('hex') };         // case 2
var pub = { x: x.toBuffer(), y: y.toBuffer() };                   // case 3
var pub = { x: x.toArrayLike(Buffer), y: y.toArrayLike(Buffer) }; // case 3

// Import public key
var key = ec.keyFromPublic(pub, 'hex');

// Signature MUST be either:
// 1) DER-encoded signature as hex-string; or
// 2) DER-encoded signature as buffer; or
// 3) object with two hex-string properties (r and s); or
// 4) object with two buffer properties (r and s)

var signature = '3046022100...'; // case 1
var signature = new Buffer('...'); // case 2
var signature = { r: 'b1fc...', s: '9c42...' }; // case 3

// Verify signature
console.log(key.verify(msgHash, signature));
```

### EdDSA

```javascript
var EdDSA = require('elliptic').eddsa;

// Create and initialize EdDSA context
// (better do it once and reuse it)
var ec = new EdDSA('ed25519');

// Create key pair from secret
var key = ec.keyFromSecret('693e3c...'); // hex string, array or Buffer

// Sign the message's hash (input must be an array, or a hex-string)
var msgHash = [ 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ];
var signature = key.sign(msgHash).toHex();

// Verify signature
console.log(key.verify(msgHash, signature));

// CHECK WITH NO PRIVATE KEY

// Import public key
var pub = '0a1af638...';
var key = ec.keyFromPublic(pub, 'hex');

// Verify signature
var signature = '70bed1...';
console.log(key.verify(msgHash, signature));
```

### ECDH

```javascript
var EC = require('elliptic').ec;
var ec = new EC('curve25519');

// Generate keys
var key1 = ec.genKeyPair();
var key2 = ec.genKeyPair();

var shared1 = key1.derive(key2.getPublic());
var shared2 = key2.derive(key1.getPublic());

console.log('Both shared secrets are BN instances');
console.log(shared1.toString(16));
console.log(shared2.toString(16));
```

three and more members:
```javascript
var EC = require('elliptic').ec;
var ec = new EC('curve25519');

var A = ec.genKeyPair();
var B = ec.genKeyPair();
var C = ec.genKeyPair();

var AB = A.getPublic().mul(B.getPrivate())
var BC = B.getPublic().mul(C.getPrivate())
var CA = C.getPublic().mul(A.getPrivate())

var ABC = AB.mul(C.getPrivate())
var BCA = BC.mul(A.getPrivate())
var CAB = CA.mul(B.getPrivate())

console.log(ABC.getX().toString(16))
console.log(BCA.getX().toString(16))
console.log(CAB.getX().toString(16))
```

NOTE: `.derive()` returns a [BN][1] instance.

## Supported curves

Elliptic.js support following curve types:

* Short Weierstrass
* Montgomery
* Edwards
* Twisted Edwards

Following curve 'presets' are embedded into the library:

* `secp256k1`
* `p192`
* `p224`
* `p256`
* `p384`
* `p521`
* `curve25519`
* `ed25519`

NOTE: That `curve25519` could not be used for ECDSA, use `ed25519` instead.

### Implementation details

ECDSA is using deterministic `k` value generation as per [RFC6979][0]. Most of
the curve operations are performed on non-affine coordinates (either projective
or extended), various windowing techniques are used for different cases.

All operations are performed in reduction context using [bn.js][1], hashing is
provided by [hash.js][2]

### Related projects

* [eccrypto][3]: isomorphic implementation of ECDSA, ECDH and ECIES for both
  browserify and node (uses `elliptic` for browser and [secp256k1-node][4] for
  node)

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2014.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[0]: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979
[1]: https://github.com/indutny/bn.js
[2]: https://github.com/indutny/hash.js
[3]: https://github.com/bitchan/eccrypto
[4]: https://github.com/wanderer/secp256k1-node

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - enhanced-resolve@5.17.0
 - schema-utils@3.3.0
 - terser-webpack-plugin@5.3.10
 - watchpack@2.4.1
 - webpack@5.93.0

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - es-define-property@1.0.0
 - es-errors@1.3.0
 - possible-typed-array-names@1.0.0

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - es-module-lexer@1.5.4

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License
-----------

Copyright (C) 2018-2022 Guy Bedford

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - escalade@3.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) Luke Edwards <luke.edwards05@gmail.com> (lukeed.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - eslint-scope@5.1.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, https://js.foundation
Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Yusuke Suzuki (twitter: @Constellation) and other contributors.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - esrecurse@4.3.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

### Esrecurse [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/estools/esrecurse.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/estools/esrecurse)

Esrecurse ([esrecurse](https://github.com/estools/esrecurse)) is
[ECMAScript](https://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm)
recursive traversing functionality.

### Example Usage

The following code will output all variables declared at the root of a file.

```javascript
esrecurse.visit(ast, {
    XXXStatement: function (node) {
        this.visit(node.left);
        // do something...
        this.visit(node.right);
    }
});
```

We can use `Visitor` instance.

```javascript
var visitor = new esrecurse.Visitor({
    XXXStatement: function (node) {
        this.visit(node.left);
        // do something...
        this.visit(node.right);
    }
});

visitor.visit(ast);
```

We can inherit `Visitor` instance easily.

```javascript
class Derived extends esrecurse.Visitor {
    constructor()
    {
        super(null);
    }

    XXXStatement(node) {
    }
}
```

```javascript
function DerivedVisitor() {
    esrecurse.Visitor.call(/* this for constructor */  this  /* visitor object automatically becomes this. */);
}
util.inherits(DerivedVisitor, esrecurse.Visitor);
DerivedVisitor.prototype.XXXStatement = function (node) {
    this.visit(node.left);
    // do something...
    this.visit(node.right);
};
```

And you can invoke default visiting operation inside custom visit operation.

```javascript
function DerivedVisitor() {
    esrecurse.Visitor.call(/* this for constructor */  this  /* visitor object automatically becomes this. */);
}
util.inherits(DerivedVisitor, esrecurse.Visitor);
DerivedVisitor.prototype.XXXStatement = function (node) {
    // do something...
    this.visitChildren(node);
};
```

The `childVisitorKeys` option does customize the behaviour of `this.visitChildren(node)`.
We can use user-defined node types.

```javascript
// This tree contains a user-defined `TestExpression` node.
var tree = {
    type: 'TestExpression',

    // This 'argument' is the property containing the other **node**.
    argument: {
        type: 'Literal',
        value: 20
    },

    // This 'extended' is the property not containing the other **node**.
    extended: true
};
esrecurse.visit(
    ast,
    {
        Literal: function (node) {
            // do something...
        }
    },
    {
        // Extending the existing traversing rules.
        childVisitorKeys: {
            // TargetNodeName: [ 'keys', 'containing', 'the', 'other', '**node**' ]
            TestExpression: ['argument']
        }
    }
);
```

We can use the `fallback` option as well.
If the `fallback` option is `"iteration"`, `esrecurse` would visit all enumerable properties of unknown nodes.
Please note circular references cause the stack overflow. AST might have circular references in additional properties for some purpose (e.g. `node.parent`).

```javascript
esrecurse.visit(
    ast,
    {
        Literal: function (node) {
            // do something...
        }
    },
    {
        fallback: 'iteration'
    }
);
```

If the `fallback` option is a function, `esrecurse` calls this function to determine the enumerable properties of unknown nodes.
Please note circular references cause the stack overflow. AST might have circular references in additional properties for some purpose (e.g. `node.parent`).

```javascript
esrecurse.visit(
    ast,
    {
        Literal: function (node) {
            // do something...
        }
    },
    {
        fallback: function (node) {
            return Object.keys(node).filter(function(key) {
                return key !== 'argument'
            });
        }
    }
);
```

### License

Copyright (C) 2014 [Yusuke Suzuki](https://github.com/Constellation)
 (twitter: [@Constellation](https://twitter.com/Constellation)) and other contributors.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - estraverse@4.3.0
 - estraverse@5.3.0

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - event-target-shim@5.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Toru Nagashima

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - events@3.3.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT

Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - fast-deep-equal@3.1.3
 - json-schema-traverse@0.4.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - fast-json-stable-stringify@2.1.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

This software is released under the MIT license:

Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin
Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - for-each@0.3.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - function-bind@1.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2013 Raynos.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - glob-to-regexp@0.4.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# Glob To Regular Expression

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fitzgen/glob-to-regexp.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fitzgen/glob-to-regexp)

Turn a \*-wildcard style glob (`"*.min.js"`) into a regular expression
(`/^.*\.min\.js$/`)!

To match bash-like globs, eg. `?` for any single-character match, `[a-z]` for
character ranges, and `{*.html, *.js}` for multiple alternatives, call with
`{ extended: true }`.

To obey [globstars `**`](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) rules set option `{globstar: true}`.
NOTE: This changes the behavior of `*` when `globstar` is `true` as shown below:
When `{globstar: true}`: `/foo/**` will match any string that starts with `/foo/`
like `/foo/index.htm`, `/foo/bar/baz.txt`, etc.  Also, `/foo/**/*.txt` will match
any string that starts with `/foo/` and ends with `.txt` like `/foo/bar.txt`,
`/foo/bar/baz.txt`, etc.
Whereas `/foo/*` (single `*`, not a globstar) will match strings that start with
`/foo/` like `/foo/index.htm`, `/foo/baz.txt` but will not match strings that
contain a `/` to the right like `/foo/bar/baz.txt`, `/foo/bar/baz/qux.dat`, etc.

Set flags on the resulting `RegExp` object by adding the `flags` property to the option object, eg `{ flags: "i" }` for ignoring case.

## Install

    npm install glob-to-regexp

## Usage
```js
var globToRegExp = require('glob-to-regexp');
var re = globToRegExp("p*uck");
re.test("pot luck"); // true
re.test("pluck"); // true
re.test("puck"); // true

re = globToRegExp("*.min.js");
re.test("http://example.com/jquery.min.js"); // true
re.test("http://example.com/jquery.min.js.map"); // false

re = globToRegExp("*/www/*.js");
re.test("http://example.com/www/app.js"); // true
re.test("http://example.com/www/lib/factory-proxy-model-observer.js"); // true

// Extended globs
re = globToRegExp("*/www/{*.js,*.html}", { extended: true });
re.test("http://example.com/www/app.js"); // true
re.test("http://example.com/www/index.html"); // true
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2013, Nick Fitzgerald

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
  other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - gopd@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - graceful-fs@4.2.11

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The ISC License

Copyright (c) 2011-2022 Isaac Z. Schlueter, Ben Noordhuis, and Contributors

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - has-flag@4.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - has-property-descriptors@1.0.2
 - has-proto@1.0.3

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Inspect JS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - has-symbols@1.0.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2016 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - has-tostringtag@1.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Inspect JS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - hash-base@3.0.4
 - md5.js@1.3.5

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Kirill Fomichev

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - hash.js@1.1.7

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# hash.js [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/indutny/hash.js.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/indutny/hash.js)

Just a bike-shed.

## Install

```sh
npm install hash.js
```

## Usage

```js
var hash = require('hash.js')
hash.sha256().update('abc').digest('hex')
```

## Selective hash usage

```js
var sha512 = require('hash.js/lib/hash/sha/512');
sha512().update('abc').digest('hex');
```

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2014.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - hasown@2.0.2
 - set-function-length@1.2.2

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) Jordan Harband and contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - hmac-drbg@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# hmac-drbg
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/indutny/hmac-drbg.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/indutny/hmac-drbg)
[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/hmac-drbg.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/hmac-drbg)

JS-only implementation of [HMAC DRBG][0].

## Usage

```js
const DRBG = require('hmac-drbg');
const hash = require('hash.js');

const d = new DRBG({
  hash: hash.sha256,
  entropy: '0123456789abcdef',
  nonce: '0123456789abcdef',
  pers: '0123456789abcdef' /* or `null` */
});

d.generate(32, 'hex');
```

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2017.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[0]: http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/ST/toolkit/documents/rng/HashBlockCipherDRBG.pdf

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - https-browserify@1.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

This software is released under the MIT license:

Copyright (c) James Halliday

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - ieee754@1.2.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2008 Fair Oaks Labs, Inc.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - inherits@2.0.4

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The ISC License

Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - is-arguments@1.1.1
 - is-generator-function@1.0.10
 - is-nan@1.3.2
 - object-is@1.1.6

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - is-callable@1.2.7
 - is-typed-array@1.1.13
 - which-typed-array@1.1.15

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - isarray@1.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# isarray

`Array#isArray` for older browsers.

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/juliangruber/isarray.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/juliangruber/isarray)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/isarray.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/isarray)

[![browser support](https://ci.testling.com/juliangruber/isarray.png)
](https://ci.testling.com/juliangruber/isarray)

## Usage

```js
var isArray = require('isarray');

console.log(isArray([])); // => true
console.log(isArray({})); // => false
```

## Installation

With [npm](http://npmjs.org) do

```bash
$ npm install isarray
```

Then bundle for the browser with
[browserify](https://github.com/substack/browserify).

With [component](http://component.io) do

```bash
$ component install juliangruber/isarray
```

## License

(MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - jest-worker@27.5.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - json-parse-even-better-errors@2.3.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2017 Kat Marchán
Copyright npm, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

This library is a fork of 'better-json-errors' by Kat Marchán, extended and
distributed under the terms of the MIT license above.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - loader-runner@4.3.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) Tobias Koppers @sokra

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - loupe@3.1.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jake Luer jake@alogicalparadox.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - merge-stream@2.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Stephen Sugden <me@stephensugden.com> (stephensugden.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - miller-rabin@4.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# Miller-Rabin

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2014.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - mime-db@1.52.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>
Copyright (c) 2015-2022 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - mime-types@2.1.35

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>
Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - minimalistic-assert@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2015 Calvin Metcalf

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - minimalistic-crypto-utils@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# minimalistic-crypto-utils
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/indutny/minimalistic-crypto-utils.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/indutny/minimalistic-crypto-utils)
[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/minimalistic-crypto-utils.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/minimalistic-crypto-utils)

Very minimal utils that are required in order to write reasonable JS-only
crypto module.

## Usage

```js
const utils = require('minimalistic-crypto-utils');

utils.toArray('abcd', 'hex');
utils.encode([ 1, 2, 3, 4 ], 'hex');
utils.toHex([ 1, 2, 3, 4 ]);
```

#### LICENSE

This software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2017.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[0]: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979
[1]: https://github.com/indutny/bn.js
[2]: https://github.com/indutny/hash.js
[3]: https://github.com/bitchan/eccrypto
[4]: https://github.com/wanderer/secp256k1-node

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - neo-async@2.6.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Suguru Motegi
Based on Async.js, Copyright Caolan McMahon

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - node-fetch@2.7.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 David Frank

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - node-polyfill-webpack-plugin@3.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 - 2022 Richie Bendall

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - node-releases@2.0.17

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Sergey Rubanov (https://github.com/chicoxyzzy)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - object-inspect@1.13.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - object-keys@1.1.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - object.assign@4.1.5

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - os-browserify@0.3.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 CoderPuppy

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - pako@1.0.11

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (C) 2014-2017 by Vitaly Puzrin and Andrei Tuputcyn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - parse-asn1@5.1.7

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2017, crypto-browserify contributors

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - path-browserify@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - pathval@2.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jake Luer jake@alogicalparadox.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - pbkdf2@3.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Cousens

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - picocolors@1.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

ISC License

Copyright (c) 2021 Alexey Raspopov, Kostiantyn Denysov, Anton Verinov

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - process-nextick-args@2.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.**

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - process@0.11.10

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - punycode@1.4.1
 - punycode@2.3.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Copyright Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - qs@6.12.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2014, Nathan LaFreniere and other [contributors](https://github.com/ljharb/qs/graphs/contributors)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - querystring-es3@0.2.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2012 Irakli Gozalishvili. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - randombytes@2.1.0
 - randomfill@1.0.4

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 crypto-browserify

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - readable-stream@2.3.8
 - readable-stream@3.6.2
 - readable-stream@4.5.2

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Node.js is licensed for use as follows:

"""
Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

This license applies to parts of Node.js originating from the
https://github.com/joyent/node repository:

"""
Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - ripemd160@2.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 crypto-browserify

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - safe-buffer@5.1.2
 - safe-buffer@5.2.1

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - serialize-javascript@6.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2014 Yahoo! Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name of the Yahoo! Inc. nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL YAHOO! INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - setimmediate@1.0.5

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2012 Barnesandnoble.com, llc, Donavon West, and Domenic Denicola

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - sha.js@2.4.11

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2013-2018 sha.js contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Copyright (c) 1998 - 2009, Paul Johnston & Contributors
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - side-channel@1.0.6

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Jordan Harband

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - smooch@5.6.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

License : https://smooch.io/terms

All files located in the node_modules and external directories are
externally maintained libraries used by this software which have their
own licenses; we recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from
the terms above.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - source-map-support@0.5.21

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Evan Wallace

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - source-map@0.6.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Mozilla Foundation and contributors
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of the Mozilla Foundation nor the names of project
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - stream-browserify@3.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) James Halliday

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - stream-http@3.2.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015 John Hiesey

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, 
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and 
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom 
the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice 
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM packages may be included in this product:

 - string_decoder@1.1.1
 - string_decoder@1.3.0

These packages each contain the following license and notice below:

Node.js is licensed for use as follows:

"""
Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

This license applies to parts of Node.js originating from the
https://github.com/joyent/node repository:

"""
Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
"""

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - supports-color@8.1.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (https://sindresorhus.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - tapable@2.2.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License

Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - terser@5.31.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2012-2018 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
      disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
      provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER “AS IS” AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - timers-browserify@2.0.12

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# timers-browserify

This project uses the [MIT](http://jryans.mit-license.org/) license:

    Copyright © 2012 J. Ryan Stinnett <jryans@gmail.com>

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
    copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”),
    to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
    the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
    and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
    Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
    FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# lib/node

The `lib/node` directory borrows files from joyent/node which uses the following license:

    Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
    deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
    rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
    sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
    FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
    IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - tty-browserify@0.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

This software is released under the MIT license:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - type-fest@4.22.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

<div align="center">
	<br>
	<br>
	<img src="media/logo.svg" alt="type-fest" height="300">
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>A collection of essential TypeScript types</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<hr>
	<div align="center">
		<p>
			<p>
				<sup>
					<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/sindresorhus">Sindre Sorhus' open source work is supported by the community</a>
				</sup>
			</p>
			<sup>Special thanks to:</sup>
			<br>
			<br>
			<a href="https://standardresume.co/tech">
				<img src="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/standard-resume-logo.svg" width="180"/>
			</a>
			<br>
			<br>
			<br>
			<a href="https://workos.com/?utm_campaign=github_repo&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=type-fest&utm_source=github">
				<div>
					<img src="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/workos-logo-white-bg.svg" width="220" alt="WorkOS">
				</div>
				<b>Your app, enterprise-ready.</b>
				<div>
					<sub>Start selling to enterprise customers with just a few lines of code.</sub>
					<br>
					<sup>Add Single Sign-On (and more) in minutes instead of months.</sup>
				</div>
			</a>
			<br>
			<br>
			<br>
			<a href="https://transloadit.com?utm_source=sindresorhus&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=sponsorship&utm_content=type-fest">
				<picture>
					<source width="350" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/transloadit-logo-dark.svg">
					<source width="350" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/transloadit-logo.svg">
					<img width="350" src="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/transloadit-logo.svg" alt="Transloadit logo">
				</picture>
			</a>
			<br>
			<br>
			<br>
			<a href="https://logto.io/?ref=sindre">
				<div>
					<picture>
						<source width="200" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/logto-logo-dark.svg?x">
						<source width="200" media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/logto-logo-light.svg?x">
						<img width="200" src="https://sindresorhus.com/assets/thanks/logto-logo-light.svg?x" alt="Logto logo">
					</picture>
				</div>
				<b>The better identity infrastructure for developers</b>
				<div>
					<sup>Logto is an open-source Auth0 alternative designed for every app.</sup>
				</div>
			</a>
			<br>
			<br>
		</p>
	</div>
	<br>
	<hr>
</div>
<br>
<br>

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/unicorn-approved-ff69b4.svg)](https://giphy.com/gifs/illustration-rainbow-unicorn-26AHG5KGFxSkUWw1i)
[![npm dependents](https://badgen.net/npm/dependents/type-fest)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/type-fest?activeTab=dependents)
[![npm downloads](https://badgen.net/npm/dt/type-fest)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/type-fest)

Many of the types here should have been built-in. You can help by suggesting some of them to the [TypeScript project](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Either add this package as a dependency or copy-paste the needed types. No credit required. 👌

PR welcome for additional commonly needed types and docs improvements. Read the [contributing guidelines](.github/contributing.md) first.

**Help wanted with reviewing [proposals](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pulls).**

## Install

```sh
npm install type-fest
```

*Requires TypeScript >=5.1*

*Works best with [`{strict: true}`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strict) in your tsconfig.*

## Usage

```ts
import type {Except} from 'type-fest';

type Foo = {
	unicorn: string;
	rainbow: boolean;
};

type FooWithoutRainbow = Except<Foo, 'rainbow'>;
//=> {unicorn: string}
```

## API

Click the type names for complete docs.

### Basic

- [`Primitive`](source/primitive.d.ts) - Matches any [primitive value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Primitive).
- [`Class`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches a [`class`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).
- [`Constructor`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches a [`class` constructor](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).
- [`AbstractClass`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches an [`abstract class`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/classes.html#abstract-classes).
- [`AbstractConstructor`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches an [`abstract class`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-4-2.html#abstract-construct-signatures) constructor.
- [`TypedArray`](source/typed-array.d.ts) - Matches any [typed array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray), like `Uint8Array` or `Float64Array`.
- [`ObservableLike`](source/observable-like.d.ts) - Matches a value that is like an [Observable](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-observable).

### Utilities

- [`EmptyObject`](source/empty-object.d.ts) - Represents a strictly empty plain object, the `{}` value.
- [`NonEmptyObject`](source/non-empty-object.d.ts) - Represents an object with at least 1 non-optional key.
- [`UnknownRecord`](source/unknown-record.d.ts) - Represents an object with `unknown` value. You probably want this instead of `{}`.
- [`UnknownArray`](source/unknown-array.d.ts) - Represents an array with `unknown` value.
- [`Except`](source/except.d.ts) - Create a type from an object type without certain keys. This is a stricter version of [`Omit`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#omittype-keys).
- [`Writable`](source/writable.d.ts) - Create a type that strips `readonly` from the given type. Inverse of `Readonly<T>`.
- [`WritableDeep`](source/writable-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply mutable version of an `object`/`ReadonlyMap`/`ReadonlySet`/`ReadonlyArray` type. The inverse of `ReadonlyDeep<T>`. Use `Writable<T>` if you only need one level deep.
- [`Merge`](source/merge.d.ts) - Merge two types into a new type. Keys of the second type overrides keys of the first type.
- [`MergeDeep`](source/merge-deep.d.ts) - Merge two objects or two arrays/tuples recursively into a new type.
- [`MergeExclusive`](source/merge-exclusive.d.ts) - Create a type that has mutually exclusive keys.
- [`OverrideProperties`](source/override-properties.d.ts) - Override only existing properties of the given type. Similar to `Merge`, but enforces that the original type has the properties you want to override.
- [`RequireAtLeastOne`](source/require-at-least-one.d.ts) - Create a type that requires at least one of the given keys.
- [`RequireExactlyOne`](source/require-exactly-one.d.ts) - Create a type that requires exactly a single key of the given keys and disallows more.
- [`RequireAllOrNone`](source/require-all-or-none.d.ts) - Create a type that requires all of the given keys or none of the given keys.
- [`RequireOneOrNone`](source/require-one-or-none.d.ts) - Create a type that requires exactly a single key of the given keys and disallows more, or none of the given keys.
- [`SingleKeyObject`](source/single-key-object.d.ts) - Create a type that only accepts an object with a single key.
- [`RequiredDeep`](source/required-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply required version of another type. Use [`Required<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#requiredtype) if you only need one level deep.
- [`PickDeep`](source/pick-deep.d.ts) - Pick properties from a deeply-nested object. Use [`Pick<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#picktype-keys) if you only need one level deep.
- [`OmitDeep`](source/omit-deep.d.ts) - Omit properties from a deeply-nested object. Use [`Omit<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#omittype-keys) if you only need one level deep.
- [`OmitIndexSignature`](source/omit-index-signature.d.ts) - Omit any index signatures from the given object type, leaving only explicitly defined properties.
- [`PickIndexSignature`](source/pick-index-signature.d.ts) - Pick only index signatures from the given object type, leaving out all explicitly defined properties.
- [`PartialDeep`](source/partial-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply optional version of another type. Use [`Partial<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#partialtype) if you only need one level deep.
- [`PartialOnUndefinedDeep`](source/partial-on-undefined-deep.d.ts) - Create a deep version of another type where all keys accepting `undefined` type are set to optional.
- [`UndefinedOnPartialDeep`](source/undefined-on-partial-deep.d.ts) - Create a deep version of another type where all optional keys are set to also accept `undefined`.
- [`ReadonlyDeep`](source/readonly-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply immutable version of an `object`/`Map`/`Set`/`Array` type. Use [`Readonly<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#readonlytype) if you only need one level deep.
- [`LiteralUnion`](source/literal-union.d.ts) - Create a union type by combining primitive types and literal types without sacrificing auto-completion in IDEs for the literal type part of the union. Workaround for [Microsoft/TypeScript#29729](https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/issues/29729).
- [`Tagged`](source/opaque.d.ts) - Create a [tagged type](https://medium.com/@KevinBGreene/surviving-the-typescript-ecosystem-branding-and-type-tagging-6cf6e516523d) that can support [multiple tags](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/issues/665) and [per-tag metadata](https://medium.com/@ethanresnick/advanced-typescript-tagged-types-improved-with-type-level-metadata-5072fc125fcf). (This replaces the previous [`Opaque`](source/opaque.d.ts) type, which is now deprecated.)
- [`UnwrapTagged`](source/opaque.d.ts) - Get the untagged portion of a tagged type created with `Tagged`. (This replaces the previous [`UnwrapOpaque`](source/opaque.d.ts) type, which is now deprecated.)
- [`InvariantOf`](source/invariant-of.d.ts) - Create an [invariant type](https://basarat.gitbook.io/typescript/type-system/type-compatibility#footnote-invariance), which is a type that does not accept supertypes and subtypes.
- [`SetOptional`](source/set-optional.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys optional.
- [`SetReadonly`](source/set-readonly.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys readonly.
- [`SetRequired`](source/set-required.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys required.
- [`SetNonNullable`](source/set-non-nullable.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys non-nullable.
- [`ValueOf`](source/value-of.d.ts) - Create a union of the given object's values, and optionally specify which keys to get the values from.
- [`ConditionalKeys`](source/conditional-keys.d.ts) - Extract keys from a shape where values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`ConditionalPick`](source/conditional-pick.d.ts) - Like `Pick` except it selects properties from a shape where the values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`ConditionalPickDeep`](source/conditional-pick-deep.d.ts) - Like `ConditionalPick` except that it selects the properties deeply.
- [`ConditionalExcept`](source/conditional-except.d.ts) - Like `Omit` except it removes properties from a shape where the values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`UnionToIntersection`](source/union-to-intersection.d.ts) - Convert a union type to an intersection type.
- [`LiteralToPrimitive`](source/literal-to-primitive.d.ts) - Convert a [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types) to the [primitive type](source/primitive.d.ts) it belongs to.
- [`LiteralToPrimitiveDeep`](source/literal-to-primitive-deep.d.ts) - Like `LiteralToPrimitive` except it converts literal types inside an object or array deeply.
- [`Stringified`](source/stringified.d.ts) - Create a type with the keys of the given type changed to `string` type.
- [`IterableElement`](source/iterable-element.d.ts) - Get the element type of an `Iterable`/`AsyncIterable`. For example, `Array`, `Set`, `Map`, generator, stream, etc.
- [`Entry`](source/entry.d.ts) - Create a type that represents the type of an entry of a collection.
- [`Entries`](source/entries.d.ts) - Create a type that represents the type of the entries of a collection.
- [`SetReturnType`](source/set-return-type.d.ts) - Create a function type with a return type of your choice and the same parameters as the given function type.
- [`SetParameterType`](source/set-parameter-type.d.ts) - Create a function that replaces some parameters with the given parameters.
- [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts) - Useful to flatten the type output to improve type hints shown in editors. And also to transform an interface into a type to aide with assignability.
- [`SimplifyDeep`](source/simplify-deep.d.ts) - Deeply simplifies an object type.
- [`Get`](source/get.d.ts) - Get a deeply-nested property from an object using a key path, like [Lodash's `.get()`](https://lodash.com/docs/latest#get) function.
- [`StringKeyOf`](source/string-key-of.d.ts) - Get keys of the given type as strings.
- [`Schema`](source/schema.d.ts) - Create a deep version of another object type where property values are recursively replaced into a given value type.
- [`Exact`](source/exact.d.ts) - Create a type that does not allow extra properties.
- [`OptionalKeysOf`](source/optional-keys-of.d.ts) - Extract all optional keys from the given type.
- [`KeysOfUnion`](source/keys-of-union.d.ts) - Create a union of all keys from a given type, even those exclusive to specific union members.
- [`HasOptionalKeys`](source/has-optional-keys.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending on whether the given type has any optional fields.
- [`RequiredKeysOf`](source/required-keys-of.d.ts) - Extract all required keys from the given type.
- [`HasRequiredKeys`](source/has-required-keys.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending on whether the given type has any required fields.
- [`ReadonlyKeysOf`](source/readonly-keys-of.d.ts) - Extract all readonly keys from the given type.
- [`HasReadonlyKeys`](source/has-readonly-keys.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending on whether the given type has any readonly fields.
- [`WritableKeysOf`](source/writable-keys-of.d.ts) - Extract all writable (non-readonly) keys from the given type.
- [`HasWritableKeys`](source/has-writable-keys.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending on whether the given type has any writable fields.
- [`Spread`](source/spread.d.ts) - Mimic the type inferred by TypeScript when merging two objects or two arrays/tuples using the spread syntax.
- [`IsEqual`](source/is-equal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the two given types are equal.
- [`TaggedUnion`](source/tagged-union.d.ts) - Create a union of types that share a common discriminant property.
- [`IntRange`](source/int-range.d.ts) - Generate a union of numbers.
- [`ArrayIndices`](source/array-indices.d.ts) - Provides valid indices for a constant array or tuple.
- [`ArrayValues`](source/array-values.d.ts) - Provides all values for a constant array or tuple.
- [`ArraySplice`](source/array-splice.d.ts) - Creates a new array type by adding or removing elements at a specified index range in the original array.
- [`ArrayTail`](source/array-tail.d.ts) - Extracts the type of an array or tuple minus the first element.
- [`SetFieldType`](source/set-field-type.d.ts) - Create a type that changes the type of the given keys.
- [`Paths`](source/paths.d.ts) - Generate a union of all possible paths to properties in the given object.
- [`SharedUnionFieldsDeep`](source/shared-union-fields-deep.d.ts) - Create a type with shared fields from a union of object types, deeply traversing nested structures.
- [`DistributedOmit`](source/distributed-omit.d.ts) - Omits keys from a type, distributing the operation over a union.
- [`DistributedPick`](source/distributed-pick.d.ts) - Picks keys from a type, distributing the operation over a union.
- [`And`](source/and.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether two given types are both true.
- [`Or`](source/or.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether either of two given types are true.
- [`NonEmptyTuple`](source/non-empty-tuple.d.ts) - Matches any non-empty tuple.
- [`FindGlobalType`](source/find-global-type.d.ts) - Tries to find the type of a global with the given name.
- [`FindGlobalInstanceType`](source/find-global-type.d.ts) - Tries to find one or more types from their globally-defined constructors.

### Type Guard

#### `IsType` vs. `IfType`

For every `IsT` type (e.g. `IsAny`), there is an associated `IfT` type that can help simplify conditional types. While the `IsT` types return a `boolean`, the `IfT` types act like an `If`/`Else` - they resolve to the given `TypeIfT` or `TypeIfNotT` depending on whether `IsX` is `true` or not. By default, `IfT` returns a `boolean`:

```ts
type IfAny<T, TypeIfAny = true, TypeIfNotAny = false> = (
	IsAny<T> extends true ? TypeIfAny : TypeIfNotAny
);
```

#### Usage

```ts
import type {IsAny, IfAny} from 'type-fest';

type ShouldBeTrue = IsAny<any> extends true ? true : false;
//=> true

type ShouldBeFalse = IfAny<'not any'>;
//=> false

type ShouldBeNever = IfAny<'not any', 'not never', 'never'>;
//=> 'never'
```

- [`IsLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsStringLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `string` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsNumericLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `number` or `bigint` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsBooleanLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `true` or `false` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsSymbolLiteral`](source/is-literal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is a `symbol` [literal type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/2/everyday-types.html#literal-types).
- [`IsAny`](source/is-any.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `any`. (Conditional version: [`IfAny`](source/if-any.d.ts))
- [`IsNever`](source/is-never.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `never`. (Conditional version: [`IfNever`](source/if-never.d.ts))
- [`IsUnknown`](source/is-unknown.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `unknown`. (Conditional version: [`IfUnknown`](source/if-unknown.d.ts))
- [`IsEmptyObject`](source/empty-object.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the type is strictly equal to an empty plain object, the `{}` value. (Conditional version: [`IfEmptyObject`](source/if-empty-object.d.ts))
- [`IsNull`](source/is-null.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given type is `null`. (Conditional version: [`IfNull`](source/if-null.d.ts))

### JSON

- [`Jsonify`](source/jsonify.d.ts) - Transform a type to one that is assignable to the `JsonValue` type.
- [`Jsonifiable`](source/jsonifiable.d.ts) - Matches a value that can be losslessly converted to JSON.
- [`JsonPrimitive`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches a JSON primitive.
- [`JsonObject`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches a JSON object.
- [`JsonArray`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches a JSON array.
- [`JsonValue`](source/basic.d.ts) - Matches any valid JSON value.

### Structured clone

- [`StructuredCloneable`](source/structured-cloneable.d.ts) - Matches a value that can be losslessly cloned using `structuredClone`.

### Async

- [`Promisable`](source/promisable.d.ts) - Create a type that represents either the value or the value wrapped in `PromiseLike`.
- [`AsyncReturnType`](source/async-return-type.d.ts) - Unwrap the return type of a function that returns a `Promise`.
- [`Asyncify`](source/asyncify.d.ts) - Create an async version of the given function type.

### String

- [`Trim`](source/trim.d.ts) - Remove leading and trailing spaces from a string.
- [`Split`](source/split.d.ts) - Represents an array of strings split using a given character or character set.
- [`Replace`](source/replace.d.ts) - Represents a string with some or all matches replaced by a replacement.
- [`StringSlice`](source/string-slice.d.ts) - Returns a string slice of a given range, just like `String#slice()`.

### Array

- [`Includes`](source/includes.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given array includes the given item.
- [`Join`](source/join.d.ts) - Join an array of strings and/or numbers using the given string as a delimiter.
- [`ArraySlice`](source/array-slice.d.ts) - Returns an array slice of a given range, just like `Array#slice()`.
- [`LastArrayElement`](source/last-array-element.d.ts) - Extracts the type of the last element of an array.
- [`FixedLengthArray`](source/fixed-length-array.d.ts) - Create a type that represents an array of the given type and length.
- [`MultidimensionalArray`](source/multidimensional-array.d.ts) - Create a type that represents a multidimensional array of the given type and dimensions.
- [`MultidimensionalReadonlyArray`](source/multidimensional-readonly-array.d.ts) - Create a type that represents a multidimensional readonly array of the given type and dimensions.
- [`ReadonlyTuple`](source/readonly-tuple.d.ts) - Create a type that represents a read-only tuple of the given type and length.
- [`TupleToUnion`](source/tuple-to-union.d.ts) - Convert a tuple/array into a union type of its elements.

### Numeric

- [`PositiveInfinity`](source/numeric.d.ts) - Matches the hidden `Infinity` type.
- [`NegativeInfinity`](source/numeric.d.ts) - Matches the hidden `-Infinity` type.
- [`Finite`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A finite `number`.
- [`Integer`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A `number` that is an integer.
- [`Float`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A `number` that is not an integer.
- [`NegativeFloat`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A negative (`-∞ < x < 0`) `number` that is not an integer.
- [`Negative`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A negative `number`/`bigint` (`-∞ < x < 0`)
- [`NonNegative`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A non-negative `number`/`bigint` (`0 <= x < ∞`).
- [`NegativeInteger`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A negative (`-∞ < x < 0`) `number` that is an integer.
- [`NonNegativeInteger`](source/numeric.d.ts) - A non-negative (`0 <= x < ∞`) `number` that is an integer.
- [`IsNegative`](source/numeric.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given number is a negative number.
- [`IsFloat`](source/is-float.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given number is a float, like `1.5` or `-1.5`.
- [`IsInteger`](source/is-integer.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the given number is a integer, like `-5`, `1.0` or `100`.
- [`GreaterThan`](source/greater-than.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether a given number is greater than another number.
- [`GreaterThanOrEqual`](source/greater-than-or-equal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether a given number is greater than or equal to another number.
- [`LessThan`](source/less-than.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether a given number is less than another number.
- [`LessThanOrEqual`](source/less-than-or-equal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether a given number is less than or equal to another number.
- [`Sum`](source/sum.d.ts) - Returns the sum of two numbers.
- [`Subtract`](source/subtract.d.ts) - Returns the difference between two numbers.

### Change case

- [`CamelCase`](source/camel-case.d.ts) - Convert a string literal to camel-case (`fooBar`).
- [`CamelCasedProperties`](source/camel-cased-properties.d.ts) - Convert object properties to camel-case (`fooBar`).
- [`CamelCasedPropertiesDeep`](source/camel-cased-properties-deep.d.ts) - Convert object properties to camel-case recursively (`fooBar`).
- [`KebabCase`](source/kebab-case.d.ts) - Convert a string literal to kebab-case (`foo-bar`).
- [`KebabCasedProperties`](source/kebab-cased-properties.d.ts) - Convert a object properties to kebab-case recursively (`foo-bar`).
- [`KebabCasedPropertiesDeep`](source/kebab-cased-properties-deep.d.ts) - Convert object properties to kebab-case (`foo-bar`).
- [`PascalCase`](source/pascal-case.d.ts) - Converts a string literal to pascal-case (`FooBar`)
- [`PascalCasedProperties`](source/pascal-cased-properties.d.ts) - Converts object properties to pascal-case (`FooBar`)
- [`PascalCasedPropertiesDeep`](source/pascal-cased-properties-deep.d.ts) - Converts object properties to pascal-case (`FooBar`)
- [`SnakeCase`](source/snake-case.d.ts) - Convert a string literal to snake-case (`foo_bar`).
- [`SnakeCasedProperties`](source/snake-cased-properties.d.ts) - Convert object properties to snake-case (`foo_bar`).
- [`SnakeCasedPropertiesDeep`](source/snake-cased-properties-deep.d.ts) - Convert object properties to snake-case recursively (`foo_bar`).
- [`ScreamingSnakeCase`](source/screaming-snake-case.d.ts) - Convert a string literal to screaming-snake-case (`FOO_BAR`).
- [`DelimiterCase`](source/delimiter-case.d.ts) - Convert a string literal to a custom string delimiter casing.
- [`DelimiterCasedProperties`](source/delimiter-cased-properties.d.ts) - Convert object properties to a custom string delimiter casing.
- [`DelimiterCasedPropertiesDeep`](source/delimiter-cased-properties-deep.d.ts) - Convert object properties to a custom string delimiter casing recursively.

### Miscellaneous

- [`GlobalThis`](source/global-this.d.ts) - Declare locally scoped properties on `globalThis`.
- [`PackageJson`](source/package-json.d.ts) - Type for [npm's `package.json` file](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-a-package-json-file). It also includes support for [TypeScript Declaration Files](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-files/publishing.html).
- [`TsConfigJson`](source/tsconfig-json.d.ts) - Type for [TypeScript's `tsconfig.json` file](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/tsconfig-json.html).

## Declined types

*If we decline a type addition, we will make sure to document the better solution here.*

- [`Diff` and `Spread`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/7) - The pull request author didn't provide any real-world use-cases and the PR went stale. If you think this type is useful, provide some real-world use-cases and we might reconsider.
- [`Dictionary`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/issues/33) - You only save a few characters (`Dictionary<number>` vs `Record<string, number>`) from [`Record`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#recordkeys-type), which is more flexible and well-known. Also, you shouldn't use an object as a dictionary. We have `Map` in JavaScript now.
- [`ExtractProperties` and `ExtractMethods`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/4) - The types violate the single responsibility principle. Instead, refine your types into more granular type hierarchies.
- [`Url2Json`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/262) - Inferring search parameters from a URL string is a cute idea, but not very useful in practice, since search parameters are usually dynamic and defined separately.
- [`Nullish`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/318) - The type only saves a couple of characters, not everyone knows what "nullish" means, and I'm also trying to [get away from `null`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/meta/discussions/7).
- [`TitleCase`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/303) - It's not solving a common need and is a better fit for a separate package.
- [`ExtendOr` and `ExtendAnd`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/pull/247) - The benefits don't outweigh having to learn what they mean.
- [`PackageJsonExtras`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/type-fest/issues/371) - There are too many possible configurations that can be put into `package.json`. If you would like to extend `PackageJson` to support an additional configuration in your project, please see the *Extending existing types* section below.

## Alternative type names

*If you know one of our types by a different name, add it here for discovery.*

- `Prettify`- See [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts)
- `Expand`- See [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts)
- `PartialBy` - See [`SetOptional`](source/set-optional.d.ts)
- `RecordDeep`- See [`Schema`](source/schema.d.ts)
- `Mutable`- See [`Writable`](source/writable.d.ts)
- `RequireOnlyOne`, `OneOf` - See [`RequireExactlyOne`](source/require-exactly-one.d.ts)
- `AtMostOne` - See [`RequireOneOrNone`](source/require-one-or-none.d.ts)
- `AllKeys` - See [`KeysOfUnion`](source/keys-of-union.d.ts)
- `Branded` - See [`Tagged`](source/opaque.d.ts)
- `Opaque` - See [`Tagged`](source/opaque.d.ts)
- `SetElement` - See [`IterableElement`](source/iterable-element.d.ts)
- `SetEntry` - See [`IterableElement`](source/iterable-element.d.ts)
- `SetValues` - See [`IterableElement`](source/iterable-element.d.ts)

## Tips

### Extending existing types

- [`PackageJson`](source/package-json.d.ts) - There are a lot of tools that place extra configurations inside the `package.json` file. You can extend `PackageJson` to support these additional configurations.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://www.typescriptlang.org/play?#code/JYWwDg9gTgLgBDAnmApnA3gBQIYGMDW2A5igFIDOEAdnNuXAEJ0o4HFmVUC+cAZlBBBwA5ElQBaXinIxhAbgCwAKFCRYCZGnQAZYFRgooPfoJHSANntmKlysWlaESFanAC8jZo-YuaAMgwLKwBhal5gIgB+AC44XX1DADpQqnCiLhsgA)

	```ts
	import type {PackageJson as BasePackageJson} from 'type-fest';
	import type {Linter} from 'eslint';

	type PackageJson = BasePackageJson & {eslintConfig?: Linter.Config};
	```
	</details>

### Related

- [typed-query-selector](https://github.com/g-plane/typed-query-selector) - Enhances `document.querySelector` and `document.querySelectorAll` with a template literal type that matches element types returned from an HTML element query selector.
- [`Linter.Config`](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/types/eslint/index.d.ts) - Definitions for the [ESLint configuration schema](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring/language-options).

### Built-in types

There are many advanced types most users don't know about.

- [`Partial<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#partialtype) - Make all properties in `T` optional.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/#code/JYOwLgpgTgZghgYwgAgHIHsAmEDC6QzADmyA3gLABQyycADnanALYQBcyAzmFKEQNxUaddFDAcQAV2YAjaIMoBfKlQQAbOJ05osEAIIMAQpOBrsUMkOR1eANziRkCfISKSoD4Pg4ZseAsTIALyW1DS0DEysHADkvvoMMQA0VsKi4sgAzAAMuVaKClY2wPaOknSYDrguADwA0sgQAB6QIJjaANYQAJ7oMDp+LsQAfAAUXd0cdUnI9mo+uv6uANp1ALoAlKHhyGAAFsCcAHTOAW4eYF4gyxNrwbNwago0ypRWp66jH8QcAApwYmAjxq8SWIy2FDCNDA3ToKFBQyIdR69wmfQG1TOhShyBgomQX3w3GQE2Q6IA8jIAFYQBBgI4TTiEs5bTQYsFInrLTbbHZOIlgZDlSqQABqj0kKBC3yINx6a2xfOQwH6o2FVXFaklwSCIUkbQghBAEEwENSfNOlykEGefNe5uhB2O6sgS3GPRmLogmslG1tLxUOKgEDA7hAuydtteryAA)

	```ts
	interface NodeConfig {
			appName: string;
			port: number;
	}

	class NodeAppBuilder {
			private configuration: NodeConfig = {
					appName: 'NodeApp',
					port: 3000
			};

			private updateConfig<Key extends keyof NodeConfig>(key: Key, value: NodeConfig[Key]) {
					this.configuration[key] = value;
			}

			config(config: Partial<NodeConfig>) {
					type NodeConfigKey = keyof NodeConfig;

					for (const key of Object.keys(config) as NodeConfigKey[]) {
							const updateValue = config[key];

							if (updateValue === undefined) {
									continue;
							}

							this.updateConfig(key, updateValue);
					}

					return this;
			}
	}

	// `Partial<NodeConfig>`` allows us to provide only a part of the
	// NodeConfig interface.
	new NodeAppBuilder().config({appName: 'ToDoApp'});
	```
	</details>

- [`Required<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#requiredtype) - Make all properties in `T` required.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/AQ4SwOwFwUwJwGYEMDGNgGED21VQGJZwC2wA3gFCjXAzFJgA2A-AFzADOUckA5gNxUaIYjA4ckvGG07c+g6gF8KQkAgCuEFFDA5O6gEbEwUbLm2ESwABQIixACJIoSdgCUYAR3Vg4MACYAPGYuFvYAfACU5Ko0APRxwADKMBD+wFAAFuh2Vv7OSBlYGdmc8ABu8LHKsRyGxqY4oQT21pTCIHQMjOwA5DAAHgACxAAOjDAAdChYxL0ANLHUouKSMH0AEmAAhJhY6ozpAJ77GTCMjMCiV0ToSAb7UJPPC9WRgrEJwAAqR6MwSRQPFGUFocDgRHYxnEfGAowh-zgUCOwF6KwkUl6tXqJhCeEsxDaS1AXSYfUGI3GUxmc0WSneQA)

	```ts
	interface ContactForm {
			email?: string;
			message?: string;
	}

	function submitContactForm(formData: Required<ContactForm>) {
			// Send the form data to the server.
	}

	submitContactForm({
			email: 'ex@mple.com',
			message: 'Hi! Could you tell me more about…',
	});

	// TypeScript error: missing property 'message'
	submitContactForm({
			email: 'ex@mple.com',
	});
	```
	</details>

- [`Readonly<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#readonlytype) - Make all properties in `T` readonly.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#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)

	```ts
	enum LogLevel {
			Off,
			Debug,
			Error,
			Fatal
	};

	interface LoggerConfig {
			name: string;
			level: LogLevel;
	}

	class Logger {
			config: Readonly<LoggerConfig>;

			constructor({name, level}: LoggerConfig) {
					this.config = {name, level};
					Object.freeze(this.config);
			}
	}

	const config: LoggerConfig = {
		name: 'MyApp',
		level: LogLevel.Debug
	};

	const logger = new Logger(config);

	// TypeScript Error: cannot assign to read-only property.
	logger.config.level = LogLevel.Error;

	// We are able to edit config variable as we please.
	config.level = LogLevel.Error;
	```
	</details>

- [`Pick<T, K>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#picktype-keys) - From `T`, pick a set of properties whose keys are in the union `K`.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#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)

	```ts
	interface Article {
			title: string;
			thumbnail: string;
			content: string;
	}

	// Creates new type out of the `Article` interface composed
	// from the Articles' two properties: `title` and `thumbnail`.
	// `ArticlePreview = {title: string; thumbnail: string}`
	type ArticlePreview = Pick<Article, 'title' | 'thumbnail'>;

	// Render a list of articles using only title and description.
	function renderArticlePreviews(previews: ArticlePreview[]): HTMLElement {
			const articles = document.createElement('div');

			for (const preview of previews) {
					// Append preview to the articles.
			}

			return articles;
	}

	const articles = renderArticlePreviews([
			{
				title: 'TypeScript tutorial!',
				thumbnail: '/assets/ts.jpg'
			}
	]);
	```
	</details>

- [`Record<K, T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#recordkeys-type) - Construct a type with a set of properties `K` of type `T`.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/AQ4ejYAUHsGcCWAXBMB2dgwGbAKYC2ADgDYwCeeemCaWArgE7ADGMxAhmuQHQBQoYEnJE8wALKEARnkaxEKdMAC8wAOS0kstGuAAfdQBM8ANzxlRjXQbVaWACwC0JPB0NqA3HwGgIwAJJoWozYHCxixnAsjAhStADmwESMMJYo1Fi4HMCIaPEu+MRklHj8gpqyoeHAAKJFFFTAAN4+giDYCIxwSAByHAR4AFw5SDF5Xm2gJBzdfQPD3WPxE5PAlBxdAPLYNQAelgh4aOHDaPQEMowrIAC+3oJ+AMKMrlrAXFhSAFZ4LEhC9g4-0BmA4JBISXgiCkBQABpILrJ5MhUGhYcATGD6Bk4Hh-jNgABrPDkOBlXyQAAq9ngYmJpOAAHcEOCRjAXqwYODfoo6DhakUSph+Uh7GI4P0xER4Cj0OSQGwMP8tP1hgAlX7swwAHgRl2RvIANALSA08ABtAC6AD4VM1Wm0Kow0MMrYaHYJjGYLLJXZb3at1HYnC43Go-QHQDcvA6-JsmEJXARgCDgMYWAhjIYhDAU+YiMAAFIwex0ZmilMITCGF79TLAGRsAgJYAAZRwSEZGzEABFTOZUrJ5Yn+jwnWgeER6HB7AAKJrADpdXqS4ZqYultTG6azVfqHswPBbtauLY7fayQ7HIbAAAMwBuAEoYw9IBq2Ixs9h2eFMOQYPQObALQKJgggABeYhghCIpikkKRpOQRIknAsZUiIeCttECBEP8NSMCkjDDAARMGziuIYxHwYOjDCMBmDNnAuTxA6irdCOBB1Lh5Dqpqn66tISIykawBnOCtqqC0gbjqc9DgpGkxegOliyfJDrRkAA)

	```ts
	// Positions of employees in our company.
	type MemberPosition = 'intern' | 'developer' | 'tech-lead';

	// Interface describing properties of a single employee.
	interface Employee {
			firstName: string;
			lastName: string;
			yearsOfExperience: number;
	}

	// Create an object that has all possible `MemberPosition` values set as keys.
	// Those keys will store a collection of Employees of the same position.
	const team: Record<MemberPosition, Employee[]> = {
			intern: [],
			developer: [],
			'tech-lead': [],
	};

	// Our team has decided to help John with his dream of becoming Software Developer.
	team.intern.push({
		firstName: 'John',
		lastName: 'Doe',
		yearsOfExperience: 0
	});

	// `Record` forces you to initialize all of the property keys.
	// TypeScript Error: "tech-lead" property is missing
	const teamEmpty: Record<MemberPosition, null> = {
			intern: null,
			developer: null,
	};
	```
	</details>

- [`Exclude<T, U>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#excludetype-excludedunion) - Exclude from `T` those types that are assignable to `U`.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#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)

	```ts
	interface ServerConfig {
		port: null | string | number;
	}

	type RequestHandler = (request: Request, response: Response) => void;

	// Exclude `null` type from `null | string | number`.
	// In case the port is equal to `null`, we will use default value.
	function getPortValue(port: Exclude<ServerConfig['port'], null>): number {
		if (typeof port === 'string') {
			return parseInt(port, 10);
		}

		return port;
	}

	function startServer(handler: RequestHandler, config: ServerConfig): void {
		const server = require('http').createServer(handler);

		const port = config.port === null ? 3000 : getPortValue(config.port);
		server.listen(port);
	}
	```
	</details>

- [`Extract<T, U>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#extracttype-union) - Extract from `T` those types that are assignable to `U`.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/CYUwxgNghgTiAEAzArgOzAFwJYHtXzSwEdkQBJYACgEoAueVZAWwCMQYBuAKDDwGcM8MgBF4AXngBlAJ6scESgHIRi6ty5ZUGdoihgEABXZ888AN5d48ANoiAuvUat23K6ihMQ9ATE0BzV3goPy8GZjZOLgBfLi4Aejj4AEEICBwAdz54MAALKFQQ+BxEeAAHY1NgKAwoIKy0grr4DByEUpgccpgMaXgAaxBerCzi+B9-ZulygDouFHRsU1z8kKMYE1RhaqgAHkt4AHkWACt4EAAPbVRgLLWNgBp9gGlBs8uQa6yAUUuYPQwdgNpKM7nh7mMML4CgA+R5WABqUAgpDeVxuhxO1he0jsXGh8EoOBO9COx3BQPo2PBADckaR6IjkSA6PBqTgsMBzPsicdrEC7OJWXSQNwYvFEgAVTS9JLXODpeDpKBZFg4GCoWa8VACIJykAKiQWKy2YQOAioYikCg0OEMDyhRSy4DyxS24KhAAMjyi6gS8AAwjh5OD0iBFHAkJoEOksC1mnkMJq8gUQKDNttKPlnfrwYp3J5XfBHXqoKpfYkAOI4ansTxaeDADmoRSCCBYAbxhC6TDx6rwYHIRX5bScjA4bLJwoDmDwDkfbA9JMrVMVdM1TN69LgkTgwgkchUahqIA)

	```ts
	declare function uniqueId(): number;

	const ID = Symbol('ID');

	interface Person {
		[ID]: number;
		name: string;
		age: number;
	}

	// Allows changing the person data as long as the property key is of string type.
	function changePersonData<
		Obj extends Person,
		Key extends Extract<keyof Person, string>,
		Value extends Obj[Key]
	> (obj: Obj, key: Key, value: Value): void {
		obj[key] = value;
	}

	// Tiny Andrew was born.
	const andrew = {
		[ID]: uniqueId(),
		name: 'Andrew',
		age: 0,
	};

	// Cool, we're fine with that.
	changePersonData(andrew, 'name', 'Pony');

	// Government didn't like the fact that you wanted to change your identity.
	changePersonData(andrew, ID, uniqueId());
	```
	</details>

- [`NonNullable<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#nonnullabletype) - Exclude `null` and `undefined` from `T`.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>
	Works with <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strictNullChecks"><code>strictNullChecks</code></a> set to <code>true</code>.

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/C4TwDgpgBACg9gJ2AOQK4FsBGEFQLxQDOwCAlgHYDmUAPlORtrnQwDasDcAUFwPQBU-WAEMkUOADMowqAGNWwwoSgATCBIqlgpOOSjAAFsOBRSy1IQgr9cKJlSlW1mZYQA3HFH68u8xcoBlHA8EACEHJ08Aby4oKDBUTFZSWXjEFEYcAEIALihkXTR2YSSIAB54JDQsHAA+blj4xOTUsHSACkMzPKD3HHDHNQQAGjSkPMqMmoQASh7g-oihqBi4uNIpdraxPAI2VhmVxrX9AzMAOm2ppnwoAA4ABifuE4BfKAhWSyOTuK7CS7pao3AhXF5rV48E4ICDAVAIPT-cGQyG+XTEIgLMJLTx7CAAdygvRCA0iCHaMwarhJOIQjUBSHaACJHk8mYdeLwxtdcVAAOSsh58+lXdr7Dlcq7A3n3J4PEUdADMcspUE53OluAIUGVTx46oAKuAIAFZGQwCYAKIIBCILjUxaDHAMnla+iodjcIA)

	```ts
	type PortNumber = string | number | null;

	/** Part of a class definition that is used to build a server */
	class ServerBuilder {
			portNumber!: NonNullable<PortNumber>;

			port(this: ServerBuilder, port: PortNumber): ServerBuilder {
					if (port == null) {
							this.portNumber = 8000;
					} else {
							this.portNumber = port;
					}

					return this;
			}
	}

	const serverBuilder = new ServerBuilder();

	serverBuilder
			.port('8000')   // portNumber = '8000'
			.port(null)     // portNumber =  8000
			.port(3000);    // portNumber =  3000

	// TypeScript error
	serverBuilder.portNumber = null;
	```
	</details>

- [`Parameters<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#parameterstype) - Obtain the parameters of a function type in a tuple.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/GYVwdgxgLglg9mABAZwBYmMANgUwBQxgAOIUAXIgIZgCeA2gLoCUFAbnDACaIDeAUIkQB6IYgCypSlBxUATrMo1ECsJzgBbLEoipqAc0J7EMKMgDkiHLnU4wp46pwAPHMgB0fAL58+oSLARECEosLAA5ABUYG2QAHgAxJGdpVWREPDdMylk9ZApqemZEAF4APipacrw-CApEgBogkKwAYThwckQwEHUAIxxZJl4BYVEImiIZKF0oZRwiWVdbeygJmThgOYgcGFYcbhqApCJsyhtpWXcR1cnEePBoeDAABVPzgbTixFeFd8uEsClADcIxGiygIFkSEOT3SmTc2VydQeRx+ZxwF2QQ34gkEwDgsnSuFmMBKiAADEDjIhYk1Qm0OlSYABqZnYka4xA1DJZHJYkGc7yCbyeRA+CAIZCzNAYbA4CIAdxg2zJwVCkWirjwMswuEaACYmCCgA)

	```ts
	function shuffle(input: any[]): void {
		// Mutate array randomly changing its' elements indexes.
	}

	function callNTimes<Fn extends (...arguments_: any[]) => any> (func: Fn, callCount: number) {
		// Type that represents the type of the received function parameters.
		type FunctionParameters = Parameters<Fn>;

		return function (...arguments_: FunctionParameters) {
			for (let i = 0; i < callCount; i++) {
				func(...arguments_);
			}
		}
	}

	const shuffleTwice = callNTimes(shuffle, 2);
	```
	</details>

- [`ConstructorParameters<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#constructorparameterstype) - Obtain the parameters of a constructor function type in a tuple.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/MYGwhgzhAECCBOAXAlqApgWQPYBM0mgG8AoaaFRENALmgkXmQDsBzAblOmCycTV4D8teo1YdO3JiICuwRFngAKClWENmLAJRFOZRAAtkEAHQq00ALzlklNBzIBfYk+KhIMAJJTEYJsDQAwmDA+mgAPAAq0GgAHnxMODCKTGgA7tCKxllg8CwQtL4AngDaALraFgB80EWa1SRkAA6MAG5gfNAB4FABPDJyCrQR9tDNyG0dwMGhtBhgjWEiGgA00F70vv4RhY3hEZXVVinpc42KmuJkkv3y8Bly8EPaDWTkhiZd7r3e8LK3llwGCMXGQWGhEOsfH5zJlsrl8p0+gw-goAAo5MAAW3BaHgEEilU0tEhmzQ212BJ0ry4SOg+kg+gBBiMximIGA0nAfAQLGk2N4EAAEgzYcYcnkLsRdDTvNEYkYUKwSdCme9WdM0MYwYhFPSIPpJdTkAAzDKxBUaZX+aAAQgsVmkCTQxuYaBw2ng4Ok8CYcotSu8pMur09iG9vuObxZnx6SN+AyUWTF8MN0CcZE4Ywm5jZHK5aB5fP4iCFIqT4oRRTKRLo6lYVNeAHpG50wOzOe1zHr9NLQ+HoABybsD4HOKXXRA1JCoKhBELmI5pNaB6Fz0KKBAodDYPAgSUTmqYsAALx4m5nC6nW9nGq14KtaEUA9gR9PvuNCjQ9BgACNvcwNBtAcLiAA)

	```ts
	class ArticleModel {
		title: string;
		content?: string;

		constructor(title: string) {
			this.title = title;
		}
	}

	class InstanceCache<T extends (new (...arguments_: any[]) => any)> {
		private ClassConstructor: T;
		private cache: Map<string, InstanceType<T>> = new Map();

		constructor (ctr: T) {
			this.ClassConstructor = ctr;
		}

		getInstance (...arguments_: ConstructorParameters<T>): InstanceType<T> {
			const hash = this.calculateArgumentsHash(...arguments_);

			const existingInstance = this.cache.get(hash);
			if (existingInstance !== undefined) {
				return existingInstance;
			}

			return new this.ClassConstructor(...arguments_);
		}

		private calculateArgumentsHash(...arguments_: any[]): string {
			// Calculate hash.
			return 'hash';
		}
	}

	const articleCache = new InstanceCache(ArticleModel);
	const amazonArticle = articleCache.getInstance('Amazon forests burning!');
	```
	</details>

- [`ReturnType<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#returntypetype) - Obtain the return type of a function type.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#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-YhAA+qegAAYLKQLQj3ZsEsdccmnGcLor2Dn8xGedHGpEIBzEzspfsfMHDNAANTQACMVaIljV5GQkRA5DYmIpVKQAgAJARO9le33BDXIyi0YuLW2nJFGLqkOvxFB0YPdBSaLZ0IwNzyPkO8-xkGgsLh8Al427a3hWAhXwwHA8EHT5PmgAB1bAQBAANJ24adKWpft72RaBUTgRBUCAj89HAM8xCTaBjggABRQx0DuHJv25P9dCkWRZVIAAiBjoFImpmjlFBgA0NpsjadByDacgIDAEAIAAQmYpjoGYgAZSBsmGPw6DtZiiFA8CoJguDmAQmoZ2QvtUKQLdoAYmBTwgdEiCAA)

	```ts
	/** Provides every element of the iterable `iter` into the `callback` function and stores the results in an array. */
	function mapIter<
			Elem,
			Func extends (elem: Elem) => any,
			Ret extends ReturnType<Func>
	>(iter: Iterable<Elem>, callback: Func): Ret[] {
			const mapped: Ret[] = [];

			for (const elem of iter) {
					mapped.push(callback(elem));
			}

			return mapped;
	}

	const setObject: Set<string> = new Set();
	const mapObject: Map<number, string> = new Map();

	mapIter(setObject, (value: string) => value.indexOf('Foo')); // number[]

	mapIter(mapObject, ([key, value]: [number, string]) => {
			return key % 2 === 0 ? value : 'Odd';
	}); // string[]
	```
	</details>

- [`InstanceType<T>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#instancetypetype) - Obtain the instance type of a constructor function type.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#code/MYGwhgzhAECSAmICmBlJAnAbgS2E6A3gFDTTwD2AcuQC4AW2AdgOYAUAlAFzSbnbyEAvkWFFQkGJSQB3GMVI1sNZNwg10TZgG4S0YOUY0kh1es07d+xmvQBXYDXLpWi5UlMaWAGj0GjJ6BtNdkJdBQYIADpXZGgAXmgYpB1ScOwoq38aeN9DYxoU6GFRKzVoJjUwRjwAYXJbPPRuAFkwAAcAHgAxBodsAx9GWwBbACMMAD4cxhloVraOCyYjdAAzMDxoOut1e0d0UNIZ6WhWSPOwdGYIbiqATwBtAF0uaHudUQB6ACpv6ABpJBINqJdAbADW0Do5BOw3u5R2VTwMHIq2gAANtjZ0bkbHsnFCwJh8ONjHp0EgwEZ4JFoN9PkRVr1FAZoMwkDRYIjqkgOrosepoEgAB7+eAwAV2BxOLy6ACCVxgIrFEoMeOl6AACpcwMMORgIB1JRMiBNWKVdhruJKfOdIpdrtwFddXlzKjyACp3Nq842HaDIbL6BrZBIVGhIpB1EMYSLsmjmtWW-YhAA+qegAAYLKQLQj3ZsEsdccmnGcLor2Dn8xGedHGpEIBzEzspfsfMHDNAANTQACMVaIljV5GQkRA5DYmIpVKQAgAJARO9le33BDXIyi0YuLW2nJFGLqkOvxFB0YPdBSaLZ0IwNzyPkO8-xkGgsLh8Al427a3hWAhXwwHA8EHT5PmgAB1bAQBAANJ24adKWpft72RaBUTgRBUCAj89HAM8xCTaBjggABRQx0DuHJv25P9dCkWRZVIAAiBjoFImpmjlFBgA0NpsjadByDacgIDAEAIAAQmYpjoGYgAZSBsmGPw6DtZiiFA8CoJguDmAQmoZ2QvtUKQLdoAYmBTwgdEiCAA)

	```ts
	class IdleService {
			doNothing (): void {}
	}

	class News {
			title: string;
			content: string;

			constructor(title: string, content: string) {
					this.title = title;
					this.content = content;
			}
	}

	const instanceCounter: Map<Function, number> = new Map();

	interface Constructor {
			new(...arguments_: any[]): any;
	}

	// Keep track how many instances of `Constr` constructor have been created.
	function getInstance<
			Constr extends Constructor,
			Arguments extends ConstructorParameters<Constr>
	>(constructor: Constr, ...arguments_: Arguments): InstanceType<Constr> {
			let count = instanceCounter.get(constructor) || 0;

			const instance = new constructor(...arguments_);

			instanceCounter.set(constructor, count + 1);

			console.log(`Created ${count + 1} instances of ${Constr.name} class`);

			return instance;
	}


	const idleService = getInstance(IdleService);
	// Will log: `Created 1 instances of IdleService class`
	const newsEntry = getInstance(News, 'New ECMAScript proposals!', 'Last month...');
	// Will log: `Created 1 instances of News class`
	```
	</details>

- [`Omit<T, K>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#omittype-keys) - Constructs a type by picking all properties from T and then removing K.
	<details>
	<summary>
			Example
	</summary>

	[Playground](https://typescript-play.js.org/?target=6#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-SgfXlHqVUE4xiAA)

	```ts
	interface Animal {
			imageUrl: string;
			species: string;
			images: string[];
			paragraphs: string[];
	}

	// Creates new type with all properties of the `Animal` interface
	// except 'images' and 'paragraphs' properties. We can use this
	// type to render small hover tooltip for a wiki entry list.
	type AnimalShortInfo = Omit<Animal, 'images' | 'paragraphs'>;

	function renderAnimalHoverInfo (animals: AnimalShortInfo[]): HTMLElement {
			const container = document.createElement('div');
			// Internal implementation.
			return container;
	}
	```
	</details>

- [`Uppercase<S extends string>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#uppercasestringtype) - Transforms every character in a string into uppercase.
	<details>
	<summary>
		Example
	</summary>

	```ts
	type T = Uppercase<'hello'>;  // 'HELLO'

	type T2 = Uppercase<'foo' | 'bar'>;  // 'FOO' | 'BAR'

	type T3<S extends string> = Uppercase<`aB${S}`>;
	type T4 = T3<'xYz'>;  // 'ABXYZ'

	type T5 = Uppercase<string>;  // string
	type T6 = Uppercase<any>;  // any
	type T7 = Uppercase<never>;  // never
	type T8 = Uppercase<42>;  // Error, type 'number' does not satisfy the constraint 'string'
	```
	</details>

- [`Lowercase<S extends string>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#lowercasestringtype) - Transforms every character in a string into lowercase.
	<details>
	<summary>
		Example
	</summary>

	```ts
	type T = Lowercase<'HELLO'>;  // 'hello'

	type T2 = Lowercase<'FOO' | 'BAR'>;  // 'foo' | 'bar'

	type T3<S extends string> = Lowercase<`aB${S}`>;
	type T4 = T3<'xYz'>;  // 'abxyz'

	type T5 = Lowercase<string>;  // string
	type T6 = Lowercase<any>;  // any
	type T7 = Lowercase<never>;  // never
	type T8 = Lowercase<42>;  // Error, type 'number' does not satisfy the constraint 'string'
	```
	</details>

- [`Capitalize<S extends string>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#capitalizestringtype) - Transforms the first character in a string into uppercase.
	<details>
	<summary>
		Example
	</summary>

	```ts
	type T = Capitalize<'hello'>;  // 'Hello'

	type T2 = Capitalize<'foo' | 'bar'>;  // 'Foo' | 'Bar'

	type T3<S extends string> = Capitalize<`aB${S}`>;
	type T4 = T3<'xYz'>;  // 'ABxYz'

	type T5 = Capitalize<string>;  // string
	type T6 = Capitalize<any>;  // any
	type T7 = Capitalize<never>;  // never
	type T8 = Capitalize<42>;  // Error, type 'number' does not satisfy the constraint 'string'
	```
	</details>

- [`Uncapitalize<S extends string>`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html#uncapitalizestringtype) - Transforms the first character in a string into lowercase.
	<details>
	<summary>
		Example
	</summary>

	```ts
	type T = Uncapitalize<'Hello'>;  // 'hello'

	type T2 = Uncapitalize<'Foo' | 'Bar'>;  // 'foo' | 'bar'

	type T3<S extends string> = Uncapitalize<`AB${S}`>;
	type T4 = T3<'xYz'>;  // 'aBxYz'

	type T5 = Uncapitalize<string>;  // string
	type T6 = Uncapitalize<any>;  // any
	type T7 = Uncapitalize<never>;  // never
	type T8 = Uncapitalize<42>;  // Error, type 'number' does not satisfy the constraint 'string'
	```
	</details>

You can find some examples in the [TypeScript docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/utility-types.html).

## Maintainers

- [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus)
- [Haozheng Li](https://github.com/Emiyaaaaa)
- [Jarek Radosz](https://github.com/CvX)
- [Dimitri Benin](https://github.com/BendingBender)
- [Pelle Wessman](https://github.com/voxpelli)
- [Sébastien Mischler](https://github.com/skarab42)

## License

SPDX-License-Identifier: (MIT OR CC0-1.0)

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - undici-types@5.26.5

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# undici-types

This package is a dual-publish of the [undici](https://www.npmjs.com/package/undici) library types. The `undici` package **still contains types**. This package is for users who _only_ need undici types (such as for `@types/node`). It is published alongside every release of `undici`, so you can always use the same version.

- [GitHub nodejs/undici](https://github.com/nodejs/undici)
- [Undici Documentation](https://undici.nodejs.org/#/)

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - update-browserslist-db@1.1.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright 2022 Andrey Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru> and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - uri-js@4.4.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1.	Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2.	Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY GARY COURT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GARY COURT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed or implied, of Gary Court.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - url@0.11.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright 2014 Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - util-deprecate@1.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - vm-browserify@1.1.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - webidl-conversions@3.0.1

This package contains the following license and notice below:

# The BSD 2-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2014, Domenic Denicola
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - webpack-sources@3.2.3

This package contains the following license and notice below:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 JS Foundation and other contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - whatwg-url@5.0.0

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015–2016 Sebastian Mayr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

The following NPM package may be included in this product:

 - xtend@4.0.2

This package contains the following license and notice below:

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Raynos.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

-----------

This file was generated with generate-license-file! https://www.npmjs.com/package/generate-license-file
